I'm a first responder for lions
in Gorongosa National Park
everyday wear out there working
with lions very slowly
let's just see what she's up to
Gorongosa National Park is
undergoing a remarkable recovery
after two decades of civil war
but lions are not coming back as
strong as we expected right now
one in three of our lions are
either killed or maimed in
purchase nares I'll job here is
to make sure that they do make a
strong comeback and recovered to
the fullest potential
we have gps collars on lyons so
we can track them every four
hours and I'll Scout sweep
through their areas and clean
out snares and steel traps that
poachers are setting a
rapid-response veterinary unit
is making sure that every line
in our study area is in good
health
if they are not then we are
ready to interview if that means
taking a wise narrow foot or
treating an infection we can
actually save a lion
even the Lions live inside
national parts they still need
to be protected of course is our
job and our passion but every
now and again you just hit by
this feeling of such privilege
to be with these animals in the
wilderness
let's go read this tries to this
ok